= ruby-lua

Call Lua from Ruby (and Ruby from Lua in Ruby)

Language::Lua - Lua interpretor for Ruby 

== SYNOPSIS

  require 'language/lua'
  lua = Language::Lua.new()
  lua.eval("script.lua")
  
  out = lua.my_lua_function( ... )
  print out;

== Ruby API

=== class Language::Lua

==== new

Create a new Lua interpretor
    
==== load(filename)

Load a Lua Script

==== dofile(filename)

alias for load

==== call([true|false], fname, *args)

Call the Lua function named fname with arguemnts *args

If first argument is true, the function result is not poped from the Lua Stack (default: false).

==== var([true|false], vname, value)

Return the lua vname value or set the lua vname if value is given.

==== eval(lua_code)

Evaluate the lua_code

==== pop()

Pop the lua value on the top of the Lua stack

==== push(value)

Push the value on the top of the Lua stack

==== stack_size()

Return the Lua stack size

==== stack_dump()

Display the content of the Lua stack

=== class Language::Lua::Function

==== call(*args)

Call the current Lua function with arguments *args

== Lua 

Ruby/Lua adds the following new method to Lua :

=== ruby("ruby_function", ...)

In your Lua code, call ruby_function.

== Contributing to ruby-lua
 
* Check out the latest master to make sure the feature hasn't been implemented or the bug hasn't been fixed yet
* Check out the issue tracker to make sure someone already hasn't requested it and/or contributed it
* Fork the project
* Start a feature/bugfix branch
* Commit and push until you are happy with your contribution
* Make sure to add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a future version unintentionally.
* Please try not to mess with the Rakefile, version, or history. If you want to have your own version, or is otherwise necessary, that is fine, but please isolate to its own commit so I can cherry-pick around it.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2010-2013 Gregoire Lejeune. See LICENSE.txt for
further details.

